12/5/2025 
I went to another party... crazy right? Me, of all people, going to another party. Back in high school, I would almost never 
go to these things. I had the mindset that partying is bad, that I would fall into the trap of drinking and blacking out. 
I've heard many stories of people drinking and partying, it's just that I don't want to do anything that I would regret 
in my life, saying or doing something bad that I personally would never do sober. I fear losing control of myself, I know 
drinking, smoking, etc: won't make me that different; I can't accept not having full control over my body; I refuse to let a 
substance dictate my moves. I should be moving the chess pieces, not being the pawn moved (such an INTJ). Berry has read up to this point,
he's probably judging what I say and write but that's fine. 

Now on to the party... 
It was the week after Palina's birthday. There were a lot of us in her large apartment (she has 3 roommates I think). Regardless, it 
was a similar scene to Josh's party. Lots of drinking, good music, and people having a good time. I arrived about an hour late, there were like
10-15 people already there. I knew most of them, which is good. About an hour after I arrived, I was talking to a senior EE, Alvee. 
He definitley had too much to drink (he had half a red solo cup full of vodka at least before my arrival), when I was talking to him,
he kept dropping an empty red solo cup, picking it back up, placing it poorly onto the table, which would lead to the cup falling off
the table, and him trying to pick it up again. After a few trial and error (and me placing it safely onto the table), we started to 
converse and introduce ourselves as we don't really talk all that often. He was struggling to stand normally and kept leaning backwards as
he was standing, I could already tell he had too much... Palina got him some water to drink and he drank it. I asked him if he wanted to
sit, and he said yes. So I (along with Mr. David "Broken") helped him to the couch, but I will say, he definitely was not ok... he 
was struggling a lot. I should have realized earlier that he may not have been ok; especially when he (with his blurred speech) was 
telling me about his Senior Project, I could barely hear what he was saying, he was the most intoxicated out of all of them. 

Things escalated a little from there. He was moved to the bathroom to throw up, and he maybe threw up? I don't know, but then he went to Palina's 
bed to lay down (apparently he threw up on her bed, but that happens a little later), I didn't know what was going on. I was then playing beer pong
WITHOUT the drinking. I'm pretty bad at it. I cannot bounce the ball into the cup to save my life; I did bounce it in once (after like 20+ tries).
One of Palina's roommates, has a beautiful and cute puppy named Atlas. Atlas is a husky who is very shy; I have not met shy dogs ever, granted,
I barely interact with dogs to begin with. Jayson's dogs are the most Extroverted dogs I have met, this dog was like the opposite, but 
regardless, he was so cute and adorable. He was so soft and fluffy (I did pet him a lot). He is apparently a little blind and is anxious. 
What a beautiful dog, he also loves carrots. 

Back to the beer pong, Jamie tells me that they're calling 911 because Alvee wasn't responsive. There were a lot of people going to Palina's room
to see if he's okay, but Jamie said not to overwhelm him, which is fair. Back in track, if someone got hurt, we would all naturaly crowd that 
person and ask if they're okay, but you need to give the person space. Anyways, I was concerned for the guy, he's a chill and nice guy, though
I don't interact with him much, I would never want to see someone unresponsive. So the ambulance arrives and and Alvee got carried to the stretcher like thing
right outside of Palina's apartment door. Upon hoisting him onto the stretcher, he threw up (water and food probably) onto the doormat and floor around it.
He was then carried off, and my friends started cleaning up the mess in the bathroom and 

Well, this is a firsthand account 

I start to see that not drinking in a drinking party can make it pretty boring for oneself, can't let loose and "have fun," 
but I don't mind. I don't want to drink, 





12/13/2025 
Wendy bullies me and Berry, again. 
Today, I was helping Wendy with the oscilloscope, as she had made a mistake. You want to take the FFT of Vx - Vy, but 
she was just measuring Vx or just Vy, she was teling me that I was wrong, and I was about to leave because I didn't want
to argue with her (as I always have almost everytime I talk to her), and then she grabbed my arm lightly and told me to come back,
to which I did help her and everything is good now. She's done with her project and I'm done helping her, finally.  

Later that day, Wendy, Berry, and I were talking and you guessed it: she and I were getting into an argument. 
But it wasn't that important, so anyways; Berry was trolling her, and she held up a fist behind his back and I told Berry
that she was holding a fist and was about to punch him, to which she 100% denies this, Wendy lying? Hello? Why is she lying? 
Anyways, I'm happy Berry actually believed me and trolled her even more, acting so scared or flinching every time she was near him.
It was funny to watch, at some point Wendy was doubling down on something she said earlier: if my face got disfigured from being 
punched by Wendy, she said that it wouldn't be her fault, that it wasn't her problem. Like, she's kinda mean to me, and I didn't do 
too much to get that kinda treatment back. But regardless, she doubled down on it today and then retracted a little, saying she 
would take some accountability... LOL. Anyways, I was also telling Wendy that Berry said that my first language was retar* but then
she immediately said "Fuzhouneze?" She just insulted my province! Calling my people/language retar*ded. 
Ofc, she didn't hear when I said retar*, but Josh and Berry heard me say that word, so idk. But it is fun to troll Wendy sometimes,
she thinks she is the victim, but is she really? She is lowkey mean to me pretty often and I don't say anything back, I don't really
twist her words that often (but there are times I have, I won't lie). It's like Berry said: I'm Darensbourg's bit** boy, but for Wendy 
also. I'm just a servant to her. I spent so much time helping her only for her to just to insult me. I hate it sometimes, I can't 
talk to her without preparing myself for an argument or some sort of misunderstanding every single time with Wendy overexplaining herself.
I usually understand where the misunderstanding happens once she says it initially, but then she keeps going and going with the 
explanation when I already understand the mishap, but she seems so intent on continuing to explain. But I guess that's not too 
glaring of an issue. It's more of the fact that she slapped my upper back while we were running (I was trolling her about her 100 meter dash
time, but to be fair, she doubled down and claimed she was fast, then backtracked a little, but her time was still 
insane at the end of the conversation, imagine being 9.6 then claiming 10.6 seconds
then claiming 11.6 then finally claiming 12.6 seconds in 100m in 5th grade and saying your peak speed was in 5th grade). 
She threatens to punch me if I bring up anything that makes her image look bad, and she always claims being the victim.
If anything, I should be at least considered the victim. Josh even agrees, and he was impartial to the whole thing. So I'm happy
I'm not crazy that Wendy is kinda mean to me sometimes. I help her a lot and she just insults me, sometimes I deserve it,
but other times, it really annoys me. But Wendy is generally a nice person and she's a good person, so no hate to her.
But whatever, it doesn't matter, when the fall semester ends, I won't have to deal with this
for a month. Peace at last. 

12/10/25 
I helped with IEEE HOTPOT. Wendy led the event (usually Berry does, but not this time) and I helped out, 
cleaning veggies, cooking the veggies and some meat at the end. Prepping the food is the hardest part in my opinion. Takes a lot of washing 
and cutting. She did most of the work though, and I'm happy this tradition continued for another semester; I truly hope Wendy, Berry, or 
any EE honestly to take up this tradition and continue it. I really like seeing people I haven't spoken to in a while, 
exchange a few words, serve them food, watch them enjoy it and some coming back for more, it makes me happy to help. But I personally
do not want to lead this event, I'm a horrible leader and I just like to be the side character... I'm no main character. I don't have
that drive, i'm not interesting enough to be a main character, I do like being under the radar... as an INTJ. There was no beef brisket 
unfortunately, but food is food, and it was so good. What a great event. One of the best moments of Cooper Union. 


