Question 1: 

a: If there is a PCID, then both processes will run quicker. The PCID allows us to skip flushing to the TLB when 
switching page tables in the processes. If there is no PCID, every time there is a context switch, the CPU
will have to flush to the TLB when context switching, which will cost more time. In essence, the PCID allows context switching to be 
less time-consuming and allow processes in parallel to run quicker than without the PCID. 

b: The kernel will check where the page fault occured, and then checks for MAP_GROWSDOWN or (vm.growsdown),
then instead of a page fault, the stack will grow and the process will continue (unless if or 
until the stack region starts to occupy the BSS region space). (grows by another page in lower memory,
check vm area struct, kernel checks it won't cross another region, then stack expands memory, then expands vm start field to the
new page frame memory). 

c: When you try to access a feature of the game that we have not previously used, you are trying 
to page to a file that doesn't exist or work, which will result in a page fault, the kernel will check where the 
page fault occured, and will see that the file doesn't exist, which will result in a SIGBUS error.  

d: Process 555 and process 6767 have appropriate permissions, so no permission errors here.
But since both uid are the same, when process 6767 is running, and process 555 is trying to access the same file, there will be a busy error.
The running program (from process 6767) is still mapped to the file, if process 555 was executing write while process 6767 was occuring,
there would be a mixture of the original contents of the file and the newer
contents, which can lead to a corruption of the underlying program. 
Therefore, the DENYWRITE flag will prevent any kind of write access to the executable file, including truncation. 
It will fail with the error ETXTBUSY.

NOTE: For Question 2, all unmarked addresses are to be assumed to be 0, also, I realized that 
one of the pictures is blurry, so I uploaded the picture Not blurry.jpg for a more clear view. Sorry
for the inconvience! 

