Homework 7 Kenneth Chan

Question 1: 
a: 
cmpl and jae are instructions that check bounds and do unsigned comparisons (cmpl takes argument eax). Without these instructions, 
an attacker could potentially set eax to a value outside of the range of normal system call numbers; this could lead to 
the kernel running system calls where it should not be, leading to potential harm to the kernel memory itself
and security vulnerabilities. (overflow array of pointers of valid table of syscalls). 
 
b: TSS: Furthermore, the TSS only comes into play when the interrupt/exception originates in
user mode. The special tr register controls the location of the TSS and is generally set
once. On multi-processor systems, there is a TSS for each processor. When the processor is currently running in User mode, it fetches the TSS. Within the
TSS is the new value (virtual address) of the stack pointer.

b1: Yes, a new value for %esp is fetched from the TSS, we are running a user-mode program and an interrupt occurs while in user mode, so TSS will have to fetch a new %esp value. 

b2: No, a new value for %esp is not fetched from the TSS we during the handling of the system call, we are in kernel mode, so TSS does not fetch a new %esp value. 

b3: No, a new value for %esp is not fetched from the TSS we are not in user mode while an IPI occurs. When handling an IPI, and a page fault occurs, we are in kernel mode. 
It is not possible, not a permissible code path. Page fault will never happen in IPI. 

c: If the root filesystem cannot be mounted by the kernel, then the boot process halts, resulting in a KERNEL PANIC! 
The system is then shut down to protect data; it would print something like "Kernel panic - not syncing: VFS: Unable to mount root fs"
(Mount root filesystem is one of the first thing that happens when booting up), 

d: TIF_NEED_RESCHED --> #flags already in ecx. 
TIF_NEED_RESCHED exists because this flag allows the kernel to determine whether the schedule function 
should run or not, which allows for context switching (stopping a process temporarily to run another one).
When this flag bit is 1, set, then at work_resched, the kernel scheduler function schedule is called.
