Question 1:
a) (Note for method 1, you need to get a pid, then send a quit signal)
Method 1: use the ulimit command and input "ulimit -f unlimited," which would allow the coredump file to have an unlimited size and 
contain all contents of relevant memory sections and registers. Then run the program and when it hangs, you can send a kill signal
and you will get a core dump file. 
Method 2: Use a debugger such as gdb which will reconstruct the call stack and contents of local and global variables in the core dump file.
(gdb - p, you can debug and see what is going on)
Method 3: Use associated key, ctrl + backslash in an interactive session, it will sent a quit signal, and create a coredump file.

b) (you could also attach backspace to the terminal) (stty allows you to change/map keys to mean something else, so like ^H is now a signal)
In the program, ask the user for input, and as it reads the input from the user,
if there is a backspace, use stty quit ^H in the code. That way, when the user enters a backspace, it will terminate the program.

c)
I use the command ls | more, ls is piped to more, and normally, ls would keep writing to the buffer and to more, but the more process exits.
This is called a "broken pipe" where ls is writing to "nowhere" and a sigpipe would terminate ls after more is gone.
Let's also say that the signal handler is SIG_IGN (ignore the signal). Normally, the broken pipe issue
would result in a signal terminating the program so that the user can see that there is a problem.
However, due to the SIG_IGN, the next wirte command from ls would result in an EPIPE error returning
-1. The user will see an output that is "partially written."   
 
d)
Process 1234 is in the sleeping non-interruptible state. In this state, the process cannot be affected by any signals, including
signal 9 (which usually has plot armor and always succeeds in terminating the program, BUT NOT THIS TIME! Processes in the sleeping 
non-interruptible state have greater plot armor than signal 9). 
(Note: can't get umount to work? you can use lsof -a to see which process on system is holding the /umount open and unable to work)


e)
The Interprocessor Interrupt is a hardware interupt that forces control back to the kernel 
(if for example, a process on CPU A causes CPU B to send a signal to it,
the kernel will force CPU A to run the interrupt handler).
Signals allow processes to control other processes and allows a process to respond to external events. Similarly,
the Interprocessor Interrupt allows the kernel to take control from external events and control the signal delivery process. 



Question 2:
a) (Not real-time signals), Thoughout all iterations tested, the parent had the same wait status 8000.
As the number of iterations increase, the count varies (sometimes increasing and decreasing), but the count is far less
than the number of iterations. What one would expect is for the number of iterations to be close to the count, but that is 
not true because when multiple signals are sent to a process, the kernel adds it to a "queue" of pending signals. It is important
to note that signals 1 through 31 do no queue or "count" if there is already a pending signal of the same type (so if signal 15 is sent
and another signal 15 is sent, then the second signal sent is removed), so the count will reduce compared to the number of iterations. 

b) The child process never happens! The parent only has a wait status, 8b. Hmmmm... this looks familiar like on my OS midterm...
8b is 139 in decimal, and 139 wait status is 128 + 11, and 11 is the SIGSEGV. There is a segfault in the fork
process with the increasing the number of iterations by 10's of thousands. 

c) There is no seg fault this time! Also, parent always had wait status 8000. 
This is because the sa_flags was set to 0, so there are no flags in the process, which prevents any signal handling from re-entering
(re-entrantly) the process, which in turn prevents the segfault from occuring. 
Also, it is important to notice that the count is still far below the number of iterations, reasoning explained in part a. 

d) The count has increased significantly to be much closer to the number of iterations while the parent maintained its 
wait status of 8000. This is because real-time signals (which are between 32 and 63) do add to the queue under all circumstances. 
(ulimit -a command will help this make sense)

Answer: re-entrant of the handler, but if no mask is specified, then signal 15 isn't temporarily blocked, if you call too many
times, you blow up the call stack. 
Stack automatically grows, but has a limit, 